http://www.dynare.org/documentation-and-support/examples

. Fernandez-Villaverde RBC models

A collection of RBC models by Jesus Fernandez-Villaverde, contained in the following archive: rbc.zip

Here is a short description of each model file:

    rbc.mod: vanilla RBC model described in rbc.pdf
    rbc_cooley.mod: RBC model in first chapter of Cooley, "Frontiers...." Identical calibration than Ed and Tom, reproduces their table.
    rbc_indivisible.mod: RBC with indivisible labor.
    rbc_cu.mod: RBC with changing capacity utilization of capital.
    rbc_indivisible_cu.mod: RBC with changing capacity utilization and indivisible labor. This reduces the s.d. of the shock needed to account for 70% of U.S. fluctuactions from 0.007 to 0.002. Since the secular growth rate per semester is 0.004, that means we will only observe negative growth of productivity 5% of the quarters.
    rbc_home.mod: RBC with home production.
    rbc_investment.mod: Model of investment-specific technological change as described for example in Greenwood, Hercowitz and Krusell (EER, 2000).
    rbc_investment1.mod: Model as above plus indivisible labor.
    rbc_investment2.mod: Model as above plus variable capacity utilization.
    rbc_monopolistic.mod: Model with monopolistic competition

F. Schorfheide (2000)

fs2000.mod replicates the estimation of the CIA model from Frank Schorfheide (2000) "Loss function-based evaluation of DSGE models" Journal of Applied Econometrics, 15, 645-670.

The data in fsdat.m are the ones provided on Schorfheide's web site with the programs.

You need to have fsdat.m in the same directory as this file.

This file replicates:

    the posterior mode as computed by Frank's Gauss programs
    the parameter mean posterior estimates reported in the paper
    the model probability (harmonic mean) reported in the paper

The equations are taken from J. Nason and T. Cogley (1994) "Testing the implications of long-run neutrality for monetary business cycle models" Journal of Applied Econometrics, 9, S37-S70. Note that there is an initial minus sign missing in equation (A1), p. S63.
